Update Form Recognizer samples (#25248)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/formrecognizer/azure-ai-formrecognizer/README.md

    </dependencies>
</dependencyManagement>
```

> And then include the direct dependency in the dependencies section without the version tag.

Reviewer: Super nit...take it or leave it
```suggestion
Then, include the direct dependency in the dependencies section without the version tag.
```

```

#### Include direct dependency

> You can add a direct dependency of a particular version of the library to your project, that is not present in the BOM as follows:

Reviewer: I think I like the previous wording more.

| "prebuilt-businessCard" | Text extraction and prebuilt fields, and values related to English business cards                        |
| "prebuilt-idDocument"   | Text extraction and prebuilt fields and values related to US driver licenses and international passports |
| "prebuilt-receipt"      | Text extraction and prebuilt fields and values related to English sales receipts                         |
| "{custom-model-id}"     | Text extraction, selection marks, tables, labeled fields, and values from your custom documents          |

Sample code snippets to illustrate using a DocumentAnalysisClient [here][sample_readme].
More information about analyzing documents, including supported features, locales, and document types can be found
[here][fr-models].

### DocumentModelAdministrationClient
The [DocumentModelAdministrationClient][document_model_admin_sync_client] and
[DocumentModelAdministrationAsyncClient][document_model_admin_sync_client] provide both synchronous and asynchronous operations
- Build custom document analysis models to analyze text content, fields, and values found in your custom documents. See example [Build a model](#build-a-model).

>   A `DocumentModel` is returned indicating the document types that the model can analyze, and the fields, and schemas it will extract in

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
  A `DocumentModel` is returned indicating the document types that the model can analyze, along with the fields and schemas it will extract.
```
